okay Desiree your makeover is complete
you got your hair and your makeup done
and you're in your new outfit are you
ready to see yourself yeah ok turn
around yes I do thank you guys so much i
appreciate it oh you're so welcome
sweetie are we ready to show your family
yep yeah let's go hey guys it's Ingrid
and for my style tip today I'm going to
be talking about these super cute
mittens so the winter months are ahead
of us that means cooler weather and it
means cold hands so what are you going
to use to keep them warm mittens and I
love mittens because they're super cute
but the issue I have with them is that
you can't really do anything with your
fingers so these are awesome because
they're from Blue Sparrow which is the
store we're at today and look they look
like regular mittens but then you can
lift up this little flap here and they
double as fingerless gloves so your
fingers are free to do whatever they
need to do and then you can just cover
them back up and keep them nice and
toasty warm so that is going to be it
for my style tip today and I will see
you guys later bye wait don't go just
yet be sure to watch more make me over
by clicking the link down below in the
description box ask me again if I care
about this fiction that you created in
my life